
# Falcon

High up at the very peak of the mountain, strong winds whistled over the snow-covered ground as it sparkled in the sunlight. Yellows, reds, blues and greens sparkled as the light caught the powdery snow from different angles as it was swept up into the air. For miles in all directions, the clear blue sky was empty as not a single cloud could be seen.

However, the sky wasn't entirely empty as a solitary falcon flew through the air. It was high over the ground as it kept its gaze downwards toward the land below. Flapping its wings, it caught the rising air currents that rolled off the mountaintop, keeping itself aloft with very little difficulty. Its powerful eyes scanned the ground below, looking for prey, but they found nothing this high up on the mountaintop. And so, it angled itself to fly to the south and towards the thick dense forest that lay on the south side of the mountain.

As the bird flew to the south, the snow slowly began to fade away, revealing the stony face of the mountain. But even that slowly changed from solid rock, to rocky soil, and then finally to sparse grassland that was nearly choked out by the large stones and boulders that dotted the base of the mountain. The closer to the forest that the bird flew, the less rocks that it saw, and the more soil and plant life that it flew over.

The desolate terrain of the mountain gave way to a lush and vibrant forest that covered the valley in between the two mountains. Purple and red flowers swayed in the breeze as the falcon flew over. Its shadow washing over them in a speedy blur, as small insects buzzed around them. While the falcon would eat such animals in a pinch, today it was hunting for much larger game, and it kept its keen eyes focused on the ground for signs of any voles or mice that might be foraging for food.

As the falcon reached the forest, it landed gracefully onto a large branch, wrapping its talons around the wood to keep a firm grip. It was high above the ground and would be nearly impossible for its prey to see it which made this the perfect vantage point for it to use. The bottoms of the trees were covered in deep black shadows, but for the falcon. From where it was, it could still see everything that might be scampering or climbing around on the forest floor and so it waited and kept watch for any movement that might indicate food was below. Calmly it waited for any signs of motion.

As it watched, it spotted some slight movement deeper into the forest. Something small was moving around along the ground. The ferns and grasses that grew on the forest floor, shook and swayed gently as the small creature foraged about, trying to find a meal.

Patiently, the falcon watched as the creature, moved along the forest floor, getting closer and closer to it. While completely unaware that a predator was tracking its movements. With a sudden jump, the small rodent sprung from the forest floor to a nearby tree, revealing itself to be a squirrel. With a large nut in its mouth, the brown and white creature, climbed its way up a tree to a low branch where it settled down with its back to the trunk of the tree.

Using its sharp teeth and claws, it began to break through the nut, and after some quick work. It managed to break through the shell, which it dropped to the forest floor below. With its prize finally free of its shell, the squirrel began to feast upon the nut, eating it quickly as it knew that it was exposed on the tree branch and wanted more than anything to not become a meal itself.

Knowing that its prey wouldn't stand still for long, the falcon leapt from its perch high above the squirrel and flew towards it while still maintaining its height, high above it. Slowly the bird positioned itself to make a diving lunge for the squirrel, and once it was satisfied that it could approach it and not be seen, the falcon put itself into a dive and darted towards the unsuspecting creature.

With ever increasing speed, it hurled its body towards its prey, but was forced nearly at the last second to pull up as another falcon dove in front of it, trying to steal its prize. The two birds nearly collided in midair, letting out screeches of annoyance and pain, which sent a few feathers free from both of their bodies and alerted the squirrel of the peril that it was in.

Panicked, the small rodent abandoned what was left of its small meal and launched itself down the tree, racing to get to the safety of the thick undergrowth of the forest floor. High above, the falcons, flew off in separate directions, feeling cheated that the other bird robbed them of their meal.

Meanwhile the feathers that had been ejected by the near collision, slowly drifted down towards the ground. Light as they were, they were caught by the cool gentle breeze that swept through the forest. Slowly they flittered through the air, before landing on some ferns and then gently sliding down to the soil at their base, near to where the squirrel was now hiding. After a few minutes, hunger drove the squirrel back out from its hiding spot, and fearfully, it kept its eyes upwards as it continued to search the ground at the base of all the trees nearby for any nuts or fruit that it could harvest for food. The close call with the falcon leaving it afraid, but hunger was a much more powerful force and so, it gave in to its baser needs.
